<!-- TITLE: Recipes -->

[&larr; Kingdom Come](/kingdomcome)

If you want to see more resources like this, [become a Patreon supporter!](https://www.patreon.com/fireundubh) 

# Recipes

## Table

Recipe | Base | Ingredients | Steps | Product at Max Yield | V/W Ratio | Value | Weight | Locations
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | ---: | ---: | ---: | :---
`8b8f2de7-d10e-4ccd-8e97-39134ddd78ac` | Witch potion | Oleum | 1x Belladonna<br>1x Herb Paris<br>1x Marigold | 1. Prepare oil, a handful of marigold, one of belladonna and one of herb paris.<br>2. Boil the herb paris for one turn.<br>3. Grind the marigold<br>4. Add the marigold to the cauldron and boil for one more turn.<br>5. Grind the belladonna.<br>6. Add the belladonna to the cauldron, but do not boil any more. | 3x Witch potion | Inventory: `q_baby_v_lese_gertrudas_chest_recipe`
`f65708b5-f7bb-4ee0-adc3-bddc426976f5` | Saviour Schnapps | Vinum | 1x Nettle<br>2x Belladonna | 1. Prepare wine, two handfuls of belladonna and one of nettle.<br>2. Boil the nettles for two turns.<br>3. Grind the belladonna .<br>4. Drop in the belladonna and boil for one more turn. | 3x Saviour Schnapps | 
`99a4625d-816a-4d72-9859-098a5ba016ae` | Preserver | Oleum | 1x Mint<br>1x Nettle<br>1x St. John's wort | 1. Prepare oil, a handful of nettles, one of mint and one of St. John's wort.<br>2. Grind the mint.<br>3. Grind the nettles.<br>4. Drop the mint and nettles in the cauldron.<br>5. Boil for one turn.<br>6. Add the St. John's wort, but do not boil it any more.<br>8. Distil. | 3x Preserver | Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)<br>Treasure map 23
`0d7225ca-3896-4a8d-a2c6-82558a7741a9` | Poison | Oleum | 1x Thistle<br>2x Herb Paris | 1. You will need oil, two herb paris plants and a handful of thistle.<br>2. Drop the thistle in the cauldron and boil for one turn.<br>3. Leave to cool.<br>4. Add the paris, but do not boil! | 3x Poison | Ancient map 1<br>Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)
`e96ac6a4-f494-4b70-9270-7d2f967c59b6` | Padfoot | Aqua | 1x Chamomile<br>1x Cobweb<br>1x Eyebright<br>1x Valerian | 1. You will need water, a handful of valerian, one of eyebright and one of chamomile, as well as a cobweb.<br>2. Drop the cobweb and eyebright in the cauldron.<br>3. Boil the mixture for three turns.<br>4. Grind the valerian.<br>5. Add the valerian to the cauldron and boil for one turn.<br>6. Leave the cauldron to cool.<br>7. Grind the chamomile.<br>8. Add the chamomile to the cauldron, but do not boil. | 3x Padfoot potion | Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)<br>Treasure map 24
`32ad55e4-fb31-406c-a8d0-706872ba206e` | Nighthawk | Aqua | 1x Belladonna<br>1x Cave mushroom<br>2x Eyebright | 1. You will need water, two handfuls of eyebright, one of belladonna and a cave mushroom.<br>2. Grind the eyebright.<br>3. Drop the eyebright and belladonna in the cauldron.<br>4. Boil the eyebright and belladonna for three turns.<br>5. Add the cave mushroom.<br>7. Distil. | 3x Nighthawk potion | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 18
`20fa3692-2e69-4562-8949-48fcf81fc813` | Moonshine | Spiritus | 1x Mint<br>1x Sage<br>1x St. John's wort | 1. You will need spirits, a handful of St. John's wort, one of sage and one of mint.<br>2. Drop the St. John's wort in the cauldron and boil for one turn.<br>3. Grind the sage.<br>4. Grind the mint.<br>5. Drop the sage and mint in and boil for one more turn.<br>6. Distil. | 3x Moonshine | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 7
`325afbbb-3f0c-4d79-a990-0a3124a44907` | Marigold decoction | Aqua | 1x Nettle<br>2x Marigold | 1. You will need water, a handful of nettles and two of marigold.<br>2. Drop the nettle in the water and cook for one turn.<br>3. Leave to cool.<br>4. Drop in the marigold, but don't boil it any more. | 3x Marigold decoction | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 5
`67b39af3-6074-4acc-8b28-f11ce62faeff` | Lullaby | Oleum | 1x Herb Paris<br>1x Poppy<br>1x Thistle | 1. Prepare oil, a handful of poppy, one of thistle and one of herb paris.<br>2. Drop the poppy in the cauldron and boil for one turn.<br>3. Add the thistle and boil for one more turn.<br>4. Leave to cool and then add the herb paris. | 3x Lullaby potion | Ancient map 4<br>Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)
`7c621760-e296-4069-9303-14c05f1745ba` | Lethean Water | Spiritus | 1x Belladonna<br>1x Fly agaric<br>2x Wormwood | 1. You need spirits, two handfuls of wormwood, one of belladonna and a fly agaric.<br>2. Grind the wormwood.<br>3. Put the wormwood and belladonna in the cauldron.<br>4. Brew the wormwood and belladonna for three turns.<br>5. Add the fly agaric.<br>6. Distil. | 1x Lethean Water | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Monastery (`mon_apothecary`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)
`1324d620-c5ad-4000-8dc5-3253e2d49a1d` | Lazarus Potion | Aqua | 1x Valerian<br>2x Comfrey | 1. You will need water, two handfuls of comfrey one of valerian.<br>2. Boil the valerian for one turn.<br>3. Grind the comfrey.<br>4. Add the comfrey to the valerian and boil for one turn.<br>5. Distil. | 3x Lazarus potion | Quest reward: Money for Old Rope (`subchapter_294_name`)<br>Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 6
`905f75d5-b0dc-4990-bbe4-2d971ddc9e6d` | Hair o' the Dog potion | Aqua | 1x Mint<br>1x Sage<br>1x St. John's wort | 1. Prepare water, a handful of mint, one of St. John's wort and one of sage.<br>2. Boil the St. John's wort and sage for three turns.<br>3. Leave to cool.<br>4. Grind the mint.<br>5. Put the mint in the cauldron and stop boiling it. | 3x Hair o' the Dog potion | Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)<br>Treasure map 25
`deb7aff1-5fee-4341-8703-d9de7f7cce2f` | Embrocation | Oleum | 1x Eyebright<br>1x Poppy<br>1x Valerian<br>1x Wild boar's tusk | 1. You will need oil, a handful of eyebright, one of poppy, one of valerian and the tusk of a wild boar.<br>2. Drop the poppy and valerian into the cauldron and simmer for two turns.<br>3. Grind the eyebright.<br>4. Drop the eyebright into the cauldron, but do not boil!<br>5. Finally drop in the boar's tusk. | 3x Embrocation | Ancient map 5<br>Inventory: `rat_konyas`<br>Looted from Apothecary (`rat_konyas`)<br>Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)
`e281d7f6-afd9-46c5-8f73-8f1b7290437b` | Dollmaker potion | Spiritus | 1x Valerian<br>2x Herb Paris | 1. You will need spirits, two handfuls of herb paris and one of valerian.<br>2. Drop in the herb paris and boil for three turns.<br>3. Grind the valerian.<br>4. Leave to cool.<br>5. Drop the valerian in the cauldron, but do not simmer or boil any longer.<br>6. Distil. | 3x Dollmaker potion | Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)<br>Treasure map 8
`d6ea8b38-5cbb-4095-a29b-46443a27eede` | Digestive potion | Spiritus | 1x Mint<br>2x Chamomile | 1. You will need spirits, a handful of mint and two of chamomile.<br>2. Grind the chamomile.<br>3. Drop everything in the cauldron and simmer for one turn. | 3x Digestion potion | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 10
`b3ee8c6a-9f16-45aa-88cb-6d0a4698d96b` | Cockerel | Spiritus | 1x Valerian<br>2x Mint | 1. You will need spirits, a handful of valerian and two of mint.<br>2. Grind the mint.<br>3. Boil the mint for one turn.<br>4. Add the valerian and boil for two more turns.<br>5. Distil. | 3x Cockerel potion | Quest reward: Siege (`subchapter_413_name`)<br>Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 22
`6039016f-464c-486e-8bb7-f4fe160dbe88` | Buck's Blood potion | Oleum | 1x Comfrey<br>1x Dandelion<br>1x St. John's wort | 1. You will need oil, a handful of St. John's wort, one of comfrey and one of dandelions.<br>2. Grind the St. John's wort.<br>3. Drop the St. John's wort and comfrey into the cauldron and boil for one turn.<br>4. Leave to cool.<br>5. Add the dandelions, but do not boil. | 3x Buck's Blood potion | Inventory: `hangover_stash_small1`<br>Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 21
`2cd02a0f-d7e3-44c3-ac8f-7b6da6ac3f37` | Bowman's Brew | Spiritus | 1x St. John's wort<br>2x Eyebright | 1. You will need spirits, two handfuls of Eyebright and one of St. John's wort.<br>2. Drop the Eyebright in the cauldron and boil for three turns.<br>3. Let the cauldron with the Eyebright cool.<br>4. Grind the St. John's wort.<br>5. Drop the St. John's wort in the cauldron, but do not boil. | 3x Bowman's Brew | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 4
`f4629142-fe0f-4d7a-b6a3-479e47aedcf3` | Bivoj's Rage | Vinum | 1x Cave mushroom<br>1x Wormwood<br>2x Sage | 1. You will need wine, two handfuls of sage, one of wormwood and a cave mushroom.<br>2. Grind the wormwood.<br>3. Throw the sage in the cauldron and boil for two turns.<br>4. Leave to cool. Add the wormwood, but do not boil.<br>5. For better effect add the cave mushroom.<br>6. Distil. | 3x Bivoj's Rage potion | Ancient map 3<br>Inventory: `hangover_stash_small1`<br>Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)
`5eb14c68-d99c-4a11-a260-51cbf2a9d2a2` | Bard potion | Oleum | 1x Belladonna<br>1x Charcoal<br>1x Nettle<br>1x St. John's wort | 1. You will need a handful of belladonna, one of St. John's wort, one of nettles and charcoal.<br>2. Grind the St. John's wort.<br>3. Grind the nettles.<br>4. Throw all the herbs in the pot.<br>5. Simmer for two turns!<br>6. Add charcoal so the potion is not poisonous. | 3x Bard potion | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)
`a955dc3d-1327-40d2-a9ea-bb2d06f576ec` | Bane potion | Vinum | 1x Fly agaric<br>1x Wormwood<br>2x Belladonna | 1. You will need wine, a handful of wormwood, two handfuls of belladonna and a fly agaric.<br>2. Boil the wormwood for two turns.<br>3. Leave the wormwood to cool.<br>4. Grind the belladonna.<br>5. Drop the belladonna in the cauldron, but do not boil!<br>6. Finally add the fly agaric.<br>7. Distil. | 3x Bane potion | Quest reward: Money for Old Rope (`subchapter_294_name`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)<br>Treasure map 14
`f1309a89-045f-44ae-a4d9-c997b892a162` | Artemisia | Spiritus | 1x Sage<br>2x Wormwood | 1. You will need spirits, two handfuls of wormwood and a handful of sage.<br>2. Drop in the sage and boil for one turn.<br>3. Grind the wormwood.<br>4. Drop the wormwood in the cauldron and cook for two turns.<br>5. Distil. | 3x Artemisia potion | Inventory: `pub_drinks_supply`<br>Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)
`5538d184-00b8-4604-a68d-9eabbef1f591` | Aqua Vitalis | Aqua | 1x Marigold<br>2x Dandelion | 1. You will need water, a handful of marigold and two of dandelions.<br>2. Grind the marigold.<br>3. Boil the dandelions for one turn.<br>4. Add the marigold and boil for one more turn.<br>5. Distil. | 3x Vitality potion | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 20
`c5718b58-0082-412d-ae93-2ef6cf46ecd7` | Antidote | Aqua | 1x Charcoal<br>1x Nettle<br>2x Thistle | 1. Prepare water, two handfuls of thistle, one of nettle and one of charcoal.<br>2. Drop the thistle in the cauldron and boil for two turns.<br>3. Then add the nettles and boil for one turn.<br>4. Leave to cool.<br>5. Finally add the charcoal, but do not boil! | 3x Antidote  | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 1
`119f5336-3931-4dbc-96f4-d6f5b4fa87fa` | Amor | Vinum | 1x Antlers<br>1x Chamomile<br>1x Marigold<br>1x Wormwood | 1. Prepare wine, one handful of marigold, one of chamomile and one of wormwood and in addition ground antlers.<br>2. First drop in the ground antlers.<br>3. Begin to boil for one turn.<br>4. Drop in the marigold and chamomile and boil for one more turn.<br>5. Grind the wormwood and add it, but do not boil. | 3x Amor potion | Sold by apothecary at Ledetchko (`Led_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Neuhof (`neu_herbalist`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Pribislavitz (`prib_herbalistShop`)<br>Sold by apothecary at Samopesh (`sam_herbalistShop`)
`604529f5-ba8b-46e8-8210-2683d67d6dbb` | Aesop potion | Spiritus | 1x Belladonna<br>1x Comfrey<br>1x Wild boar's tusk<br>1x Wormwood | 1. Prepare spirits, a handful of wormwood, one of belladonna and one of comfrey and the tusk of a wild boar.<br>2. Drop the wormwood and tusk in the cauldron.<br>3. Boil the wormwood and tusk for two turns.<br>4. Leave the cauldron to cool.<br>5. Grind the comfrey.<br>6. Drop the belladonna and comfrey in the cauldron, but do not boil.<br>7. Distil. | 3x Aesop potion | Sold by apothecary Konyash at Rattay (`rat_konyas_shop`)<br>Treasure map 13



